# Meeting notes 08-06-2021
### 1. Papers in batch 2

### 2. Conferences or journals in testing/distributed systems/genetic algorithms or at the intersection
Survey of search-based testing. Mostly focussed on input.
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1002/stvr.294?casa_token=bvufQxjz6NAAAAAA:07RCr6NlsyLt2l7CeJHTiC_XSAO5KeWDW5ng02AgCMpUUeSnjDmnIyki5yQuGMJ7755Yh7dDlHxC
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0950584917304950?casa_token=tI0dcjfRDNQAAAAA:gDpf7fknXCKJ3kg7b7BdiARalvoVVCvTbDst_JGSxk2nYJV2H1nd6DS_DKtxEq1M8RWeXy0
### 3. Ripple CSF
Simulation based on [discrete even simulation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discrete-event_simulation) \
Features: Construct required network, collect data, fine-grained control over sim duration and network problems
Positive about it and will test it out in the coming two weeks.
### 4. Fitness function
	- Time to consensus (maximize)
	- Severity and number of log messages (maximize)
	- Severity and number of faults injected (minimize)
	- Stop at invariant violation. What are the invariants?
	- Jumps (Nodes that close or validate a ledger that is not its immediate child)

### 5. Representation
Play with the message ordering of ripple and apply communication-closure.
What is my test case? What is my execution and how will I manipulate this for next runs.
What is a test case? It's not about the content of test cases. It's about the timing. Play with delays and dropping of messages.

		
Use literature more for determining genetic algorithm to use, and be inspired for fitness function. \
Idea: Find specific exception to trigger and focus on reaching that exception \
evo-suite input diversity and output diversity \
Use black-box heuristics if distance metric is hard to find. Get good coverage through diverse set of tests. \
Diversity in terms of different orderings. More diverse, more likely to find different situations \
levenshtein distance because different lengths in test cases.